After installing an SSD (also known as a solid state drive) into a new notebook or ultrabook, -
Compared with traditional hard drives, there are many advantages, -
Such as faster startup time and longer battery life.
And it is very simple to install, the following is the operating instructions.
There are some things to keep in mind before you start the installation.
First of all, if you install a solid state drive in a new computer, it will be easy to install.
Just make sure you have the installation disk that came with your computer.
Otherwise, you will need to back up or clone the hard drive you are using.
And before upgrading your computer components, it's a good idea to make sure your system BIOS is up to date.
Check the PC manufacturer's website before starting the installation.
Next, keep the work surface clean and allow yourself to touch the unpainted metal surface to ground yourself to prevent static damage to any parts.
Finally, in most cases, you only need to replace the hard drive in your notebook with a simple Phillips head screwdriver.
But we found these sharp-nosed lice also useful.
After the computer is turned off, remove the power adapter and battery.
And make sure that the computer releases all remaining power: After removing the battery, press the power button.
Find the location of your hard drive, usually at the bottom of your computer.
If you can't find it, first check the computer manufacturer's website.
Now, unscrew the cover screw and remove the cover, you can see clearly
Old hard drive in the computer.
Every system may vary.
Carefully remove the screws and even include the bracket (if you have a bracket like us), keep the hard drive in place.
Disconnect SATA and power connectors or cables,
It is usually by sliding the hard disk away from the connector.
Then remove the hard drive from the computer and set it aside.
When installing a new SSD, it is important to connect the SATA and power connectors securely.
If the stand is used on your old hard drive, reconnect it to the new SSD first.
Slide the SSD into the hard drive bay and the hard drive and the bracket will fit snugly.
And screw it in place, close the cover and install the battery
Now turn the computer over and turn on the power.
You will hear an alarm indicating that there is no operating system.
Simply plug in the original installation disk that came with your computer and reboot again to boot from the CD-rom.
Follow the prompts to install the operating system and recover from backup.
This is done.
If you have any other questions or need extra help with the process of installing a solid state drive on your computer, -
Please visit www.kingston.com/support for more information. -
thanks for watching-